docs(relnotes): FX116 release notes offset-path and ray() (#28383)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/116/index.md

- The [`dirname`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#dirname) attribute is now supported on [`input`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#dirname) and [`textarea`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/textarea#dirname) elements.
  This attribute allows for passing text directionality information (`ltr` or `rtl`) to the server during form submission ([Firefox bug 675943](https://bugzil.la/675943)).

### CSS

> - The syntax of the {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property, which is used to define the path for an element to follow, has been updated. The `<offset-path>` parameter in the syntax consolidates the parameters `<ray()>`, `<url>`, and `<basic-shape>`. Additionally, the [`<coord-box>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-edge) parameter, which lets you specify the shape of the path based on the element's box model, has replaced the previous `<geometry-box>` parameter in the syntax. The `none` keyword is still the default value for the property. The `<basic-shape>` and `<coord-box>` parameters require the `layout.css.motion-path-basic-shapes.enabled` and `layout.css.motion-path-coord-box.enabled` preferences, respectively, to be enabled. ([Firefox bug 1598156](https://bugzil.la/1598156)) and ([Firefox bug 1837305](https://bugzil.la/1837305)).

Reviewer: Is this correct? What do you think?

```suggestion
- The syntax has been updated for the {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property, which is used to define the path for an element to follow in CSS motion path animations. The new syntax allows you to set a value of `none` or one of `<offset-path>` or `<coord-box>`. The new `<offset-path>` value can be a `<ray()>`, `<url>`, or a `<basic-shape>`. The [`<coord-box>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-edge) value has replaced the older `<geometry-box>` value and lets you specify the shape of the path based on the element's box model. The `<basic-shape>` and `<coord-box>` values require the `layout.css.motion-path-basic-shapes.enabled` and `layout.css.motion-path-coord-box.enabled` preferences to be enabled, respectively ([Firefox bug 1598156](https://bugzil.la/1598156)) and ([Firefox bug 1837305](https://bugzil.la/1837305)).
```

Author: Thank you for the edits. The rewrite is much clearer.
